Document GitHub action for CI/CD to Microsoft Store (#8539)
flutter/website: src/deployment/windows.md

[associating the Azure Active Directory
and Partner Center accounts][azureadassociation].

#### Github Actions CI/CD

Github actions may use the

> [Microsoft Dev Store CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/overview)

Reviewer: The learn.microsoft.com website redirects to localized content only if the locale segment is removed from the path:

```suggestion
[Microsoft Dev Store CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/overview)
```

to package applications into an MSIX and publish them to the Microsoft Store.
The [setup-msstore-cli](https://github.com/microsoft/setup-msstore-cli)
Github Action installs the cli so that the Action can use it for packaging
and publishing.

As packaging the MSIX utilizes the
[`msix` pub package][msix package], the project's `pubspec.yaml`
must contain an appropriate `msix_config` node.

> The application must already be present in the Microsoft Dev Center with at

Reviewer: Ah that's the doc above, never mind.

least one complete submission, and `msstore init` must be run once within
the repository before the Action can be performed. Once complete, running

> `msix package .` and `msix publish` in a Github Action will package the

Reviewer: Adding GitHub Secrets is a requirement for running the GitHub Action. Please make sure the GitHub Secrets are mentioned before this line.

Author: I am starting a PR for this: https://github.com/flutter/gallery/pull/929

> `msix package .` and `msix publish` in a Github Action will package the

Reviewer: Should this be `msstore package` and `msstore publish`? Please also link to the relevant docs:

1. https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/package-command
2. https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/publish-command

application into an MSIX and upload it to a new submission on the dev center.

> An example Action yml file for continous deployment may be found

Reviewer: This example is long as it includes content that isn't relevant to publishing to the Microsoft Store. Should we include an excerpt of the YAML the user will need to add to their project? Something like:

```
      - uses: microsoft/setup-msstore-cli@v1

      - name: Configure the Microsoft Store CLI
        run: msstore reconfigure --tenantId ${{ secrets.AZURE_AD_TENANT_ID }} --clientId ${{ secrets.AZURE_AD_ClIENT_ID }} --clientSecret ${{ secrets.AZURE_AD_CLIENT_SECRET }} --sellerId ${{ secrets.SELLER_ID }}

      - name: Create MSIX
        run: msstore package .

      - name: Publish MSIX to the Microsoft Store
        run: msstore publish -v
```

> [here](https://github.com/yaakovschectman/SampleFlutterMSIXGithubAction/blob/main/dart.yml).

Reviewer: Shams's writing tip last week was to avoid "here" links as they don't give enough context to folks using screen readers.

> [within a dedicated repository](https://github.com/yaakovschectman/SampleFlutterMSIXGithubAction/blob/main/dart.yml).

Reviewer: Your repository is unlicensed, users cannot copy from it. Could we move this workflow to the Flutter Gallery? That's what the Google Play Store example is: https://github.com/flutter/gallery/blob/main/.github/workflows/release_deploy_play_store.yml

The environment that runs the Action needs secret values

> provided from the Microsoft partner center.

Reviewer: Please list which secrets need to be added, link to a guide on how to add GitHub Action secrets, and link to a guide on how to get secrets (or to a relevant section above)

[associating the Azure Active Directory
and Partner Center accounts][azureadassociation].

> #### Github Actions CI/CD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### GitHub Actions CI/CD
```

> Github Actions may use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github Actions can use the
```

> Github Actions can use the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions can use the
```

[Microsoft Dev Store CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/overview)
to package applications into an MSIX and publish them to the Microsoft Store.
The [setup-msstore-cli](https://github.com/microsoft/setup-msstore-cli)

> Github Action installs the cli so that the Action can use it for packaging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub Action installs the cli so that the Action can use it for packaging
```

and publishing.

> As packaging the MSIX utilizes the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As packaging the MSIX uses the
```

[`msix` pub package][msix package], the project's `pubspec.yaml`
must contain an appropriate `msix_config` node.

You must create an Azure AD directory from the Dev Center with

> [global administrator permission](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-assign-admin-roles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[global administrator permission](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/active-directory-assign-admin-roles/).
```

> The Github Action requires environment secrets from the partner center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The GitHub Action requires environment secrets from the partner center.
```

`AZURE_AD_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_AD_ClIENT_ID`, and `AZURE_AD_CLIENT_SECRET`
are visible on the Dev Center following the instructions for the
[Windows Store Publish Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/windows-store-publish#obtaining-your-credentials).
You also need the `SELLER_ID` secret, which can be found in the Dev Center

> under Account Settings > Organization Profile > Legal Info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under **Account Settings** > **Organization Profile** > **Legal Info**.
```

The application must already be present in the Microsoft Dev Center with at
least one complete submission, and `msstore init` must be run once within
the repository before the Action can be performed. Once complete, running
[`msstore package .`](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/package-command)
and

> [`msix publish`](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/publish-command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`msstore publish`](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/publish/msstore-dev-cli/publish-command)
```

> in a Github Action will package the
> application into an MSIX and upload it to a new submission on the dev center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in a GitHub Action packages the
application into an MSIX and uploads it to a new submission on the dev center.
```

> An example Action yml file for continous deployment may be found

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example Action YAML file for continuous deployment can be found
```
